feat(standoff)!: return XML alongside HTML for textValue with custom standoff mapping and default XSL transformation (DEV-201) (#1991)
dasch-swiss/dsp-api: docs/03-apis/api-v2/editing-values.md

Note that quotation marks and line breaks in the XML must be escaped, and that the IRI of the mapping must be provided.

> To create a text value with custom mapping, the following steps are required:
> 1. If the text value should be displayable as HTML, 
>    1. an XSL transformation first needs to be uploaded to SIPI
>    2. and a resource of type `kb:XSLTransformation` with `kb:hasTextFileValue` pointing to the `kb:TextFileValue` of the XSLT needs to be created.
> 2. A `kb:XMLToStandoffMapping` resource needs to be created, with the mapping XML as payload.
>    1. If a transformation has been created, the IRI of the transformation needs to be referenced in the mapping XML.
> 3. The text value can be created with `kb:textValueHasMapping` being an object with `@id` pointing to the IRI of the defined mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a text value with custom mapping, the following steps are required:
1. upload XSL transformation to SIPI
2. create resource type of `kb:XSLTransformation` with `kb:hasTextFileValue` pointing to the `kb:TextFileValue` of the XSLT
...
```

Try to simplify steps as above, or transform pints to description. Also numbered list as a second level here doesn't look good.

Author: as mentioned above in Irina's comment: I reworked that bit to hopefully make it more clear

> 3. The text value can be created with `kb:textValueHasMapping` being an object with `@id` pointing to the IRI of the defined mapping.

Reviewer 2: I agree with the "break up the docs in much smaller pieces...". But as long as we don't have it, the user needs some guidance. If you think that there is enough information about how to do the mapping, I'm fine with it.

> 3. The text value can be created with `kb:textValueHasMapping` being an object with `@id` pointing to the IRI of the defined mapping.

Author: I rephrased it to make it more clear and linked the parts of the documentation where the single steps are explained in more detail. If you have further suggestions, I'm happy to incorporate them; if not I'd leave it for now.
